notes.md, before:

# Discord (mini) clone

## Features to be included
- User settings page 
  - Profile page
  - Logout option
  - connections
  - Friend request 
- Ability for a user to create a server and invite people on that server
- channels
### Features to implement in a single channel
- [ ] Make three columns
- [ ] Make a user bar in the first column
- [ ] Ability to send messages , images and videos

Components to be used in creating the first column
- Menu for upper half - options to be noted from discord
- Accolodian
- hash icon
- Indicator for profile

### Stepes to taken to make the middle column scrollable
- Make a ordered list
- Make is scrollable
- Add li along with other messages inside the widget

### Adding rooms to a particular server
- Users will be able to create rooms for a particular server
- Each room will be seperate from other one

### Feature idea for right column
All the people who are connect to a particular room will be shown in that column

#### Left column
- [x] Make the navLink 
- [ ] Add ability to group items in a category
- [ ] Settigs of a channel

#### Idea for passing namespace connection 
- Create a context and pass it down the channel
- Try not using a function and use value passed by context api

#### Components where channel socket is referenced
- Left Column
- Middle Column
- Channel

#### Bonus features
- [x] The messages will be visible to all the Users that are in the chat app (using WebSockets)
- [x] When a new User joins the chat, a message is displayed to all the existing Users
- [ ] Messages are saved in a database
- [ ] User can send images, videos and links which will be displayed properly
- [x] User can select and send an emoji
- [ ] Users can chat in private
- [ ] Users can join channels on specific topics

Commit message:

Added some to do list of features that I want to add

notes.md, after:

# Discord (mini) clone

## Features to be included
- User settings page 
  - Profile page
  - Logout option
  - connections
  - Friend request 
- Ability for a user to create a server and invite people on that server
- channels
### Features to implement in a single channel
- [ ] Make three columns
- [ ] Make a user bar in the first column
- [ ] Ability to send messages , images and videos

Components to be used in creating the first column
- Menu for upper half - options to be noted from discord
- Accolodian
- hash icon
- Indicator for profile

### Stepes to taken to make the middle column scrollable
- Make a ordered list
- Make is scrollable
- Add li along with other messages inside the widget

### Adding rooms to a particular server
- Users will be able to create rooms for a particular server
- Each room will be seperate from other one

### Feature idea for right column
All the people who are connect to a particular room will be shown in that column

#### Left column
- [x] Make the navLink 
- [ ] Add ability to group items in a category
- [ ] Settigs of a channel

#### Idea for passing namespace connection 
- Create a context and pass it down the channel
- Try not using a function and use value passed by context api

#### Components where channel socket is referenced
- Left Column
- Middle Column
- Channel

#### Features to be added
- [ ] Add profile using Auth0 
- [ ] Fix issue of chat reloading when typying
- [ ] fix issue for multiple a user sending two or messages at the same time
- [ ] Add how many users are connected to a single room
- [ ] Add ability to add videos , images and linkes
- [ ] Add stickers in the text area
- [ ] Add grouping chats by category

#### Bonus features
- [x] The messages will be visible to all the Users that are in the chat app (using WebSockets)
- [x] When a new User joins the chat, a message is displayed to all the existing Users
- [ ] Messages are saved in a database
- [ ] User can send images, videos and links which will be displayed properly
- [x] User can select and send an emoji
- [ ] Users can chat in private
- [ ] Users can join channels on specific topics
